I'm back about to do another makeup
tutorial I'm going to show you guys how
I do an easy glowy summer makeup look
[Music]
always start with skin prep
I'm gonna go in first with the glazing
milk I don't think I've done a tutorial
video yet like a makeup tutorial video
when the glazing milk was out in the
world yet I've teased it in other videos
but I think this is the first one that
it's actually out in the world and
available going in with the glazing milk
of course always want to have that super
glazed glowy juicy skin I always like to
still go in also with the peptide
glazing fluids my Holy Grail go-to for
makeup prep and also you know how much I
love to mix it with my makeup a lot so
I'm going in with that and because it's
summer I feel like I have been doing
this combo a lot more because it's warm
I've been in some places that have been
more humid and I feel like this
combination is so hydration packed and
it looks so stunning under my makeup so
this has been my go-to if I was getting
my makeup done and it was going to be
more of a full Glam then I would
definitely go in with a richer
moisturizer over top of this as well
because I really like to keep my skin
super super hydrated under my makeup I
am actually going to go in with one more
secret thing I've been having a lot of
fun testing this out and what I will say
is that it leaves and keeps the skin and
the face feeling
really snatched and sculpted
the first thing I'm going to start with
my Contour slash under painting this is
the makeup forever palette and I love
using this for my under paintings lash
Contour but it's perfect for that and I
really love this hourglass brush I feel
like it kind of
just pushes the product really nicely
into the skin and it makes everything
look really really even and seamless
I want to make sure I look bronzy and
glowy in my skin I'm pretty tan right
now so
I want to make sure that everything
looks even
matches
trying to make sure I always blend it
out underneath my jawline and like into
my ears so that it doesn't leave any
I just feel that the snatch you get from
this technique is pretty undefeated if
you ask me next I'm going to go in with
The Hourglass concealer
I'm gonna go in all the spots I normally
go in
lift once again I'm not going too light
with the concealer because
my body is really tan and I need to
try to match it as much as I can
take this brush to blend it out in the
smaller areas I always end up using my
finger too so
it is what it is
I think that this concealer is really
creamy and beautiful but has really good
coverage too and it's
buildable and nice
before I go in with any product over
this contouring concealer I'm going to
just buff it out the tiniest bit
and if I was gonna go in next with a
foundation I probably wouldn't have
pre-bluffed it out but I'm not going to
use something with this much
coverage as a foundation because I'm
doing like a light summer makeup that I
want my skin to breathe and look really
fresh and natural so what I am going to
go in with is this hourglass Veil which
is their hydrating skin tint it's really
light really beautiful gives such a nice
glow but also a good coverage but not
too much and I do feel like it's
definitely buildable if you want it to
be I just put some on the back of my
hand and I'm going to go in with the
Fluffy side of this brush and I'm going
to just
buff it into the skin
over that contour and concealer and then
it kind of just helps melt everything
into the skin as you can see
I think this is really nice for the
summer because it's light your skin
feels like it can breathe it gives nice
coverage but
isn't too overpowering it's really
really beautiful
next I'm going to do my blush I'm going
to do two different blush Shades a nudie
beigey pink
and I like to do that first because it
almost bronzes up the skin a little bit
too
and the next one I'm going to go in with
is a little bit more of like a baby
ballerina pink and I love glowy dewy
Summer Skin vibe saying before I move on
to the next step I'm going to just
start
doing a little powder under my eyes
and let it sit for a second
hourglass Veil
I don't like to do a lot of powder just
because I like to stay looking really
glowy but I do definitely feel like it's
necessary to set my makeup
okay so that was powder I'm not a big
brow girl so I'm just gonna
brush them up I like to go the reverse
way like this
and then brush them one of these days
I'll be a girl who fills in her brows
but today is not that day
I'm gonna use this color from this
Simi Haze palette this nice dusty rose
color right there
I feel like that's a color that I think
people probably see me use
often like something in that world
next I'm going to do a little bit of
mascara and this is The Hourglass
mascara which I love I use this a lot I
feel like people point out the way I say
mascara and mascara mascara
I think I say mascara very New York like
where I grew up
mascara
I'm not wear the bottom lash girl but
that really did something for me I have
to do this liner lip Situation off
camera because
I'm not ready to to tease this yet I am
still here you can see it kind of just
like enhanced my lips and it's like a
nudie color
it brings more definition to the lips
and it's so natural and beautiful which
I love and then I'm gonna do a little
highlight the last thing I'm gonna do is
my peptide lip treatment and
look what's back
vanilla cake this is vanilla cake back
permanently as Road vanilla so this is
our permanent Road vanilla scent and I'm
so happy that it's back I really missed
this scent it definitely became
my favorite along with the Salted
Caramel I think I'm done I mean
this is usually just my typical go-to
Summer Night Out makeup
Sun
woohoo
that's my glowy summer dewy go-to look I
hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video thank you so much for watching it
and I'll see you next time
foreign
[Music]